docs: modify the brand page, remove the word-mark variant, update the logo (#668)
dialpad/dialtone: apps/dialtone-documentation/docs/design/brand/index.md

  class="d-wmx100p"
>
  <template #default>

>     If you're looking for just the Dialpad logomark (the "Ai" shape), you can find them as an icon in <a class="d-link d-link--muted" :href="$withBase('/design/icons/?search=dialpad')">Dialtone's Icon library</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you're looking for just the logo without the wordmark, you can find them as an icon in <a class="d-link d-link--muted" :href="$withBase('/design/icons/?search=dialpad')">Dialtone's Icon library</a>
```
